Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
Where there is love there is life.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
One does not fall in love; one grows into love, and love grows in him.
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much.
Love is energy of life.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
The love of our private friends is the only preparatory exercise for the love of all men.
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
If you do not love me I shall not be loved If I do not love you I shall not love.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
We need 4 hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth.
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.
There is a woman at the beginning of all great things.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
We can only learn to love by loving.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
Love is a friendship set to music.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
People protect what they love.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
The best proof of love is trust.
Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.
Don't forget to love yourself.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Love has reasons which reason cannot understand.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Love is the crowning grace of humanity, the holiest right of the soul, the golden link which binds us to duty and truth, the redeeming principle that chiefly reconciles the heart to life, and is prophetic of eternal good.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
Love knows not distance; it hath no continent; its eyes are for the stars.
Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
There is only one real deprivation... and that is not to be able to give one's gifts to those one loves most.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition.
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
When love is not madness, it is not love.
The first duty of love is to listen.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow thee.
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.
Love is being stupid together.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.
The world is not comprehensible, but it is embraceable: through the embracing of one of its beings.
We love because it's the only true adventure.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries.
There are never enough I Love You's.
Only divine love bestows the keys of knowledge.
Love is never wrong.
Love is metaphysical gravity.
The love we have in our youth is superficial compared to the love that an old man has for his old wife.
The moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed.
It is impossible to repent of love. The sin of love does not exist.
Love is the ultimate expression of the will to live.
This love is silent.
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
The cure for all the ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word 'love'. It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Bitterness imprisons life; love releases it.
Stolen kisses are always sweetest.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
To love is to admire with the heart; to admire is to love with the mind.
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law.
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done.
Choose your love, Love your choice.
Our first and last love is self-love.
Love is always being given where it is not required.
Though lovers be lost, love shall not.
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Love is the greatest gift that God has given us. It's free.
The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
The truth is that love smashes into your life like an ice floe, and even if your heart is built like the Titanic you go down.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
The love of liberty is the love of others; the love of power is the love of ourselves.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man.
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body. His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes. He is rich and sweet and right. He is part of the world, the atmosphere, the blue sky and the blue water.
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun.
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love.
Ultimately love is everything.
He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices; he is free and nothing holds him back.
There is no limit to the power of loving.
Suffering passes, while love is eternal. That's a gift that you have received from God. Don't waste it.
We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Love is a springtime plant that perfumes everything with its hope, even the ruins to which it clings.
Loving others always costs us something and requires effort. And you have to decide to do it on purpose. You can't wait for a feeling to motivate you.
With our love, we could save the world.
You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from.
Love will draw an elephant through a key-hole.
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so.
I think it is all a matter of love: the more you love a memory, the stronger and stranger it is.
Love without conversation is impossible.
You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.
There is room in the smallest cottage for a happy loving pair.
Love is supreme and unconditional; like is nice but limited.
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
Self-love is the source of all our other loves.
There is no person that love cannot heal; there is no soul that love cannot save.
A gentle heart is tied with an easy thread.
It's important for us to latch onto the people that we love.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
I believe in the compelling power of love. I do not understand it. I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence.
Love is the hardest habit to break, and the most difficult to satisfy.
Gestures, in love, are incomparably more attractive, effective and valuable than words.
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.
Love has no errors, for all errors are the want for love.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
Love is blind.
The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble.
Love is a great beautifier.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
What force is more potent than love?
The deep joy we take in the company of people with whom we have just recently fallen in love is undisguisable.
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor.
People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.
The way to know life is to love many things.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret.
One must not trifle with love.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old.
If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.
The inner reality of love can be recognized only by love.
We are born of love; Love is our mother.
We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
In matters of the heart, nothing is true except the improbable.
Familiar acts are beautiful through love.
In a full heart there is room for everything, and in an empty heart there is room for nothing.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
There's no bad consequence to loving fully, with all your heart. You always gain by giving love.
When you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love, or if it attributes them to her; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you, from her, or from the meeting of your sparks.
Love is that splendid triggering of human vitality the supreme activity which nature affords anyone for going out of himself toward someone else.
If you can learn to love yourself and all the flaws, you can love other people so much better. And that makes you so happy.
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.
As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you.
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
Love is stronger than justice.
Love comes unseen; we only see it go.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Words may be false and full of art; Sighs are the natural language of the heart.
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
Pains of love be sweeter far than all other pleasures are.
Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible - it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Love is when he gives you a piece of your soul, that you never knew was missing.
I long for the raised voice, the howl of rage or love.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
In every living thing there is the desire for love.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
Touch seems to be as essential as sunlight.
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule.
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Love is the only gold.
If you wished to be loved, love.
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
Oh, love will make a dog howl in rhyme.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
The ear is the avenue to the heart.
Love is, above all, the gift of oneself.
Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
I am happier when I love than when I am loved. I adore my husband, my son, my grandchildren, my mother, my dog, and frankly, I don't know if they even like me. But who cares? Loving them is my joy.
Love is the difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.
No, there's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream.
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love.
Love dies only when growth stops.
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Love means to love that which is unlovable; or it is no virtue at all.
Love conquers all.
Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
For above all things Love means sweetness, and truth, and measure; yea, loyalty to the loved one and to your word. And because of this I dare not meddle with so high a matter.
Passion is momentary; love is enduring.
To be able to say how much love, is love but little.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
More than kisses, letters mingle souls.
I'm not saying that love always takes you to heaven. Your life can become a nightmare. But that said, it is worth taking the risk.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved.
How absurd and delicious it is to be in love with somebody younger than yourself. Everybody should try it.
People happy in love have an air of intensity.
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver.
It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on.
At the beginning and at the end of love, the two lovers are embarrassed to find themselves alone.
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods.
Love has a tide!
Love is love's reward.
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
Selfishness is one of the qualities apt to inspire love.
The god of love lives in a state of need. It is a need. It is an urge. It is a homeostatic imbalance. Like hunger and thirst, it's almost impossible to stamp out.
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Love is a hole in the heart.
The eyes those silent tongues of love.
He is not a lover who does not love forever.
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.
Only love interests me, and I am only in contact with things that revolve around love.
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.
Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul.
My wife, my family, my friends - they've all taught me things about love and what that emotion really means. In a nutshell, loving someone is about giving, not receiving.
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever.
Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love. I'd stepped in it a few times.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Who, being loved, is poor?
To love another person is to see the face of God.
Love means not ever having to say you're sorry.
Love seeks one thing only: the good of the one loved. It leaves all the other secondary effects to take care of themselves. Love, therefore, is its own reward.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Loved. You can't use it in the past tense. Death does not stop that love at all.
Sympathy constitutes friendship; but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.
Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
True love is quiescent, except in the nascent moments of true humility.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Do all things with love.
Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Any time not spent on love is wasted.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
The journey from teaching about love to allowing myself to be loved proved much longer than I realised.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving be me.
Love prefers twilight to daylight.
The highest function of love is that it makes the loved one a unique and irreplacable being.
All mankind love a lover.
Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.
The spring of love becomes hidden and soon filled up.
Take away love and our earth is a tomb.
Absence - that common cure of love.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.
I was adored once too.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.
Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to.
Love him and let him love you. Do you think anything else under heaven really matters?
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.
Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give.
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
We all need each other.
But love's a malady without a cure.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
To love is to act.
In the flush of love's light, we dare be brave. And suddenly we see that love costs all we are, and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free.
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Who loves, raves.
Love... it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be.
Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?
At the center of non-violence stands the principle of love.
The love which moves the world, according to common Christian belief, is God's love and the love of God.
Being in love is the only transcendent experience.
Love means to commit yourself without guarantee.
The crime of loving is forgetting.
The sweetest noise on earth, a woman's tongue; A string which hath no discord.
The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other.
You don't want to love - your eternal and abnormal craving is to be loved. You aren't positive, you're negative. You absorb, absorb, as if you must fill yourself up with love, because you've got a shortage somewhere.
I love that feeling of being in love, the effect of having butterflies when you wake up in the morning. That is special.
Who so loves believes the impossible.
Do you have to have a reason for loving?
We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
All love is vanquished by a succeeding love.
Love is... never asking for more than you are prepared to give.
If you've got love you've got life, if you can love you can live.
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
All love is lost but upon God alone.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.
I'm just so happy, and I'm grateful for my fans. I just hope I keep doing work that they love.
I'm very thankful to all my fans for their constant love and support. I am what I am because of their unconditional love.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
Love is a serious mental disease.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
I'm having fun. I'm being myself. I'm doing what I love. That's all that matters.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
Enjoy the journey and try to get better every day. And don't lose the passion and the love for what you do.
I think the confidence that I have right now is something that was created by the fans who love me.
I want to thank all our fans all around the world for their unconditional love and support. It really means a lot to me.
Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come.
Grief is the price we pay for love.
When the people you love are gone, you're alone.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
Surround yourself with good people who encourage and love you. There are always ups and downs, no matter how successful you are.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
Love and work... work and love, that's all there is.
Don't forget to tell yourself positive things daily! You must love yourself internally to glow externally.
It's always great to engage with people. You never know who you can make an effect on. And I love interacting with the fans, hearing what they have to say and joking around with them. Anytime I can reach out online and give encouragement, motivate people, be a better citizen, that's what it's all about, man.
To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it; Whenever you're right, shut up.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
I love being in a city with great weather.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Love is the outreach of self toward completion.
Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
I think the perfection of love is that it's not perfect.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first; nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first.
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.
To all the other dreamers out there, don't ever stop or let the world's negativity disenchant you or your spirit. If you surround yourself with love and the right people, anything is possible.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
Let's practice motivation and love, not discrimination and hate.
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.
I am overwhelmed by the love showered on me by my fans.
I am blessed to be surrounded by the people I love. I thank them for their patience and grace.
The sun, the earth, love, friends, our very breath are parts of the banquet.
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
You give loyalty, you'll get it back. You give love, you'll get it back.
True love doesn't happen right away; it's an ever-growing process. It develops after you've gone through many ups and downs, when you've suffered together, cried together, laughed together.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
My mother and father didn't love each other, so they were always fighting.
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
Be happy with being you. Love your flaws. Own your quirks. And know that you are just as perfect as anyone else, exactly as you are.
Whatever possession we gain by our sword cannot be sure or lasting, but the love gained by kindness and moderation is certain and durable.
I feel extremely honoured and humbled that people are showing me so much love. My fans have stood by me through thick and thin, and I think this love is what makes my concerts house-full.
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
The love that lasts longest is the love that is never returned.
True love is not a strong, fiery, impetuous passion. It is, on the contrary, an element calm and deep. It looks beyond mere externals, and is attracted by qualities alone. It is wise and discriminating, and its devotion is real and abiding.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
He who does not love his own language is worse than an animal and smelly fish.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!
There is no greater glory than love, nor any greater punishment than jealousy.
We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other, but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities. We are eaten up by nothing.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
Love yourself for who you are, and trust me, if you are happy from within, you are the most beautiful person, and your smile is your best asset.
The only way to take sorrow out of death is to take love out of life.
Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them.
The more often we see the things around us - even the beautiful and wonderful things - the more they become invisible to us. That is why we often take for granted the beauty of this world: the flowers, the trees, the birds, the clouds - even those we love. Because we see things so often, we see them less and less.
The only way to get love is to be lovable. It's very irritating if you have a lot of money. You'd like to think you could write a check: 'I'll buy a million dollars' worth of love.' But it doesn't work that way. The more you give love away, the more you get.
I have my own high standards for what I want in a partner and how I want to be treated. I bring a lot to the table. I'm not talking about material things but what I have to offer as a person - love and loyalty and all the things that make a good relationship.
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being.
Believe in yourself, listen to your gut, and do what you love.
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.
Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they're making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that's the difference.
Life is difficult for everyone; everyone has bad days. Everyone has trouble in their life, because it doesn't matter how rich you are: Sickness and trouble and worry and love, these things will mess with you at every level of life.
I love sleep; it's my favorite.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too.
True love is selfless. It is prepared to sacrifice.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Football is unconditional love.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
I believe everyone should be equal, and we should all love and support each other and express ourselves the way we want to express ourselves and be whoever we want. That's my motto.
The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.
A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it, A song's not a song 'til you sing it, Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'til you give it away!
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
My father is Italian, and I never met my paternal grandparents. The family name was 'Caroselli' and it was changed in the mid '50s. I think they wanted to assimilate, which was pretty common, although I love the name 'Caroselli.'
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
Hell, madam, is to love no longer.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Like love, breakfast is best when made at home.
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
I love the feeling of the fresh air on my face and the wind blowing through my hair.
I believe in soulmates, yes, but I believe you also have to work at love. I happen to believe your soulmate doesn't have to be your partner - your soulmate could be your best friend, your sibling, it doesn't have to be the person you marry.
If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans.
I like feet. I definitely have a fetish. I love to see a man's bare foot, but its got to be taken care of. If they're not well manicured, you've got to wonder what the rest of him is like. I don't want to get in bed with somebody and feel his gnarly feet.
I love the rain. It's my favorite weather.
I'm learning to accept myself. I'm still in the process of learning to love who I am. And it's been really refreshing and really nice to be able to do that and be okay. I think my fans have brought that out in me.
To know yourself as the Being underneath the thinker, the stillness underneath the mental noise, the love and joy underneath the pain, is freedom, salvation, enlightenment.
Love without sex is still the most efficient form of hell known to man.
From quiet homes and first beginning, out to the undiscovered ends, there's nothing worth the wear of winning, but laughter and the love of friends.
I love playing under pressure. In fact, if there's no pressure, then I'm not in the perfect zone.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
You're not looking for perfection in your partner. Perfection is all about the ego. With soulmate love, you know that true love is what happens when disappointment sets in - and you're willing to deal maturely with these disappointments.
I fell in love with the Maldives. It's a beautiful place!
I'm still the same. That's why the fans love me. Because they need stability in the industry.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
Make space in your life for the things that matter, for family and friends, love and generosity, fun and joy. Without this, you will burn out in mid-career and wonder where your life went.
Unconditional love really exists in each of us. It is part of our deep inner being. It is not so much an active emotion as a state of being. It's not 'I love you' for this or that reason, not 'I love you if you love me.' It's love for no reason, love without an object.
Love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings. Sex is the cherry on top.
There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love.
The thing is that love gives us a ringside seat on somebody else's flaws, so of course you're gonna spot some things that kinda need to be mentioned. But often the romantic view is to say, 'If you loved me, you wouldn't criticise me.' Actually, true love is often about trying to teach someone how to be the best version of themselves.
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.
I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love.
The true revolutionary is guided by a great feeling of love. It is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality.
For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service.
Be a warrior when it comes to delivering on your ambitions. And a saint when it comes to treating people with respect, modeling generosity, and showing up with outright love.
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
'Superstar' Billy Graham was someone that my dad taught from A to Z, from tying up to submission wrestling. Billy was more of a showman than a wrestler. My dad used to love tying Billy in knots, and Iron Sheik would be watching.
Love is not a feeling of happiness. Love is a willingness to sacrifice.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. When you feed yourself what your body needs when it needs it, that's love. So give your bod some TLC and sit down and enjoy a good, substantial breakfast.
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
If you love someone, you say it, right then, out loud. Otherwise, the moment just passes you by.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
A deep sense of love and belonging is an irreducible need of all people. We are biologically, cognitively, physically, and spiritually wired to love, to be loved, and to belong. When those needs are not met, we don't function as we were meant to. We break. We fall apart. We numb. We ache. We hurt others. We get sick.
True love - that is, deep, abiding love that is impervious to emotional whims or fancy - is a choice. It's a constant commitment to a person regardless of the present circumstances.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Love is friendship set on fire.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you.
The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.
I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
When we focus on our gratitude, the tide of disappointment goes out and the tide of love rushes in.
Life is a game and true love is a trophy.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Work hard, play hard, dream big, love loads, laugh as much as you can, and give back.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, don't take it serious, its mysterious. Life is just a bowl of cherries, so live and laugh and laugh at love, love a laugh, laugh and love.
The things we truly love stay with us always, locked in our hearts as long as life remains.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Writing is my love. If you love something, you find a lot of time. I write for two hours a day, usually starting at midnight; at times, I start at 11.
I love the smell of rain, and I love the sound of the ocean waves.
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
For God's sake hold your tongue, and let me love.
I'm doing things that feel good to my soul. I've had plenty opportunity to do other things, but it didn't feel right, and it wasn't right. And if it feels like work, then it's work. But if you have that opportunity to do what you love, and you can make a living out of it, then that's a blessing and I never take that for granted.
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
True generosity is an offering; given freely and out of pure love. No strings attached. No expectations. Time and love are the most valuable possession you can share.
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
Grace is what matters in anything - especially life, especially growth, tragedy, pain, love, death. That's a quality that I admire very greatly. It keeps you from reaching out for the gun too quickly. It keeps you from destroying things too foolishly. It sort of keeps you alive.
The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
Mindfulness is about love and loving life. When you cultivate this love, it gives you clarity and compassion for life, and your actions happen in accordance with that.
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love.
Life is supposed to be about love and good times, and so I've forgiven myself after paying the consequences of my bad decisions, and I'm ready to move forward and allow my life to be a light to others that it's never over, even for a person like me, who has lost a tremendous amount of respect among my peers, my fans, my friends and family.
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.
Understand that everybody has their own struggles, regardless of whether you can see it or not. Just surround yourself with the people who love you, and know you're not really alone.
Even Kings and emperors with heaps of wealth and vast dominion cannot compare with an ant filled with the love of God.
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth.
I have a personal ambition to live my life honestly and honor the true love that I've had and also the people I've had around me. I want to stay hopeful, even though I get scared about why we're even alive at all.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time; what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.
I am lucky that my in-laws are incredibly special people and I love them dearly. My father-in-law is an extraordinary man and my mom-in-law a beautiful and brave woman.
I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world.
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
I love what I do, and when you love what you do, you want to be the best at it.
It's a form of human love to accept our complicated, messy humanity and not run away from it.
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.
There would be no need for love if perfection were possible. Love arises from our imperfection, from our being different and always in need of the forgiveness, encouragement and that missing half of ourselves that we are searching for, as the Greek myth tells us, in order to complete ourselves.
Sexuality shouldn't define anyone. It doesn't define me. Love should be at the core of what you do.
There have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live. Why do you want to live? What's the point? What inspires you? What do you love about the future? If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing.
May my soul bloom in love for all existence.
We can bring positive energy into our daily lives by smiling more, talking to strangers in line, replacing handshakes with hugs, and calling our friends just to tell them we love them.
I love my mother and father. The older I get, the more I value everything that they gave me.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
True love bears all, endures all and triumphs!
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
As I'm getting older, I'm really learning unconditional love and loyalty are extremely important.
A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That's the trade-off. But I'll take it all.
For myself, personally, I am never really aware of timing or anything because I am passionate about what I do, so I have found that if you really love what you do, then time flies.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
The number 143 means 'I love you.' It takes one letter to say 'I' and four letters to say 'love' and three letters to say 'you.' One hundred and forty-three. 'I love you.' Isn't that wonderful?
Respect is what we owe; love, what we give.
To know her was to love her.
The minute you decide to do what you love to do, you have made a life plan for yourself and a career choice.
Too fair to worship, too divine to love.
Life is too short to do the things you don't love doing.
It's definitely a privilege to be able to do what you love to do; it's not something that everyone gets to do, so I feel really good about that.
You have to know that as long as you love who you are - your morals, your values, that type of stuff - you're OK.
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
I do not play football to win the Ballon d'Or. I play football to be happy, because I love it and want to play football.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Chemistry can be a good and bad thing. Chemistry is good when you make love with it. Chemistry is bad when you make crack with it.
The world is too dangerous for anything but truth and too small for anything but love.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Life is really not easy, we all have our personal battles, but it is important that you really treasure yourself, love yourself and have a sense of self-worth.
It's not all fine and dandy, but a smile can go a long way. Show some love, be patient, and this world will be a much better place.
Hobbits are an unobtrusive but very ancient people, more numerous formerly than they are today; for they love peace and quiet and good tilled earth: a well-ordered and well-farmed countryside was their favourite haunt.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
My fans have been incredible since day one... Literally, the only reason I get to do what I do! I love every single one of them, and I am still being discovered by people! Just want to share what I do with everyone!
Love, work, and knowledge are the wellsprings of our lives, they should also govern it.
I don't think of myself as a role model. I do try to live in a compassionate, considerate and positive way. The only advice I can offer is to find what you love to do, find the joy in it, and express yourself through your passion.
It is very easy to love alone.
I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
Love works a different way in different minds, the fool it enlightens and the wise it blinds.
I love the culture of grilling. It creates an atmosphere that is festive but casual.
Love is not to be purchased, and affection has no price.
If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time.
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Anger begets more anger, and forgiveness and love lead to more forgiveness and love.
Eventually, my eyes were opened, and I really understood nature. I learned to love at the same time.
Do what you love and the money will follow.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.
Unfortunately, everyone thought that Teri Hatcher was my wife. Matter of fact, I would be with my wife, holding my wife's hand at a football game, and someone would come up to me and say, 'Hey, I love those commercials you do with your wife.' My kids almost had shirts made up that said, 'Teri Hatcher is not my mom.'
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic.
The more one forgets himself - by giving himself to a cause to serve or another person to love - the more human he is.
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever; That dead men rise up never; That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.
I love what I do. I take great pride in what I do. And I can't do something halfway, three-quarters, nine-tenths. If I'm going to do something, I go all the way.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.
How sweet it is to learn the Savior's love when nobody else loves us! When friends flee, what a blessed thing it is to see that the Savior does not forsake us but still keeps us and holds us fast and clings to us and will not let us go!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
Music is love in search of a word.
Instead of a man of peace and love, I have become a man of violence and revenge.
When you love someone and care about them, you want what's best for them, and it's always the hardest thing to realize maybe you aren't what's best for them, how hard you try.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Mental prayer in my opinion is nothing else than an intimate sharing between friends; it means taking time frequently to be alone with Him who we know loves us. The important thing is not to think much but to love much and so do that which best stirs you to love. Love is not great delight but desire to please God in everything.
People confuse ego, lust, insecurity with true love.
The more people love you, the more there's going to be people that hate you.
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
Even after all this time, the sun never says to the earth, 'You owe me.' Look what happens with a love like that. It lights the whole sky.
Everything we do is for the purpose of altering consciousness. We form friendships so that we can feel certain emotions, like love, and avoid others, like loneliness. We eat specific foods to enjoy their fleeting presence on our tongues. We read for the pleasure of thinking another person's thoughts.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
If you want to love others, I think you should love yourself first.
The times may have changed, but the people are still the same. We're still looking for love, and that will always be our struggle as human beings.
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
My cell phone is the number one way for me to communicate with my fans. I love the direct connection I can make via social media whether I am on the road or at home.
Just do what you love. This is what I am doing.
I have an abundant amount of love in my life, and I'm grateful for that.
Like you might love watching basketball, but that don't mean that you'll get on the court.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
Breakfast is a big deal. I love it.
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
I think tolerance and acceptance and love is something that feeds every community.
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.
Trust is the first step to love.
When we are motivated by goals that have deep meaning, by dreams that need completion, by pure love that needs expressing, then we truly live.
In Italy, for 30 years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love, they had 500 years of democracy and peace - and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock.
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
We are most alive when we're in love.
I love editing. It's one of my favorite parts about filmmaking.
God to me is love.
God wants us to know that life is a series of beginnings, not endings. Just as graduations are not terminations, but commencements. Creation is an ongoing process, and when we create a perfect world where love and compassion are shared by all, suffering will cease.
When you are older you will understand how precious little things, seemingly of no value in themselves, can be loved and prized above all price when they convey the love and thoughtfulness of a good heart.
I'll always love the time I spent making 'Black and White.'
Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed.
I am so grateful for all the love and support I've had from people around the world.
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
The only love affair I have ever had was with music.
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor.
Love is the flower of life, and blossoms unexpectedly and without law, and must be plucked where it is found, and enjoyed for the brief hour of its duration.
Some people come into our life as a blessing, while others come into our life as a lesson, so love them for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on.
Every age has its storytelling form, and video gaming is a huge part of our culture. You can ignore or embrace video games and imbue them with the best artistic quality. People are enthralled with video games in the same way as other people love the cinema or theatre.
Forgiveness is the final form of love.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job.
I just want to love and be loved.
You might not make it to the top, but if you are doing what you love, there is much more happiness there than being rich or famous.
Whatever I am today is all because of the love and support I have received from the people of Haryana.
I left in love, in laughter, and in truth, and wherever truth, love and laughter abide, I am there in spirit.
As long as you know yourself and you got good people around you and you passionate about what you do, that's all that matters because at the end of the day, you go to sleep with the people you love, you wake up with the people you love, and you spend your time with the people you love.
If you love your work, you'll be out there every day trying to do it the best you possibly can, and pretty soon everybody around will catch the passion from you - like a fever.
Everything changes with time. I am not so experienced enough to analyze what the people love in me.
If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with.
Love begets love, love knows no rules, this is same for all.
Some are kissing mothers and some are scolding mothers, but it is love just the same, and most mothers kiss and scold together.
In my life I've learned that true happiness comes from giving. Helping others along the way makes you evaluate who you are. I think that love is what we're all searching for. I haven't come across anyone who didn't become a better person through love.
Money is not a motivating factor. Money doesn't thrill me or make me play better because there are benefits to being wealthy. I'm just happy with a ball at my feet. My motivation comes from playing the game I love. If I wasn't paid to be a professional footballer I would willingly play for nothing.
Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion.
We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder.
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
I love how it feels to unwind by the ocean.
I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
I'm cool with failing so long as I know that there are people around me that love me unconditionally.
The ultimate dream in life is to be able to do what you love and learn something from it.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, I will always be in your heart, and if you hate me, I will be in your mind.
Our hours in love have wings; in absence, crutches.
We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
I love shifting between being super cute and aggressive. It's funny.
What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.
To make us love our country, our country ought to be lovely.
I might run from her for a thousand years and she is still my baby child. Our love is so furious that we burn each other out.
What you need, above all else, is a love for your subject, whatever it is. You've got to be so deeply in love with your subject that when curve balls are thrown, when hurdles are put in place, you've got the energy to overcome them.
If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.
The moment that changed me for ever was the moment my first child was born. I was happy, filled with hope, and thought, 'Now I understand the whole point of work, of life, of love.'
Genuine and true love is so rare that when you encounter it in any form, it's a wonderful thing, to be utterly cherished in whatever form it takes.
Light makes photography. Embrace light. Admire it. Love it. But above all, know light. Know it for all you are worth, and you will know the key to photography.
We adore chaos because we love to produce order.
I used to think I was ugly. I thought I looked like a camel. A person who doesn't love themselves, they will see anything that pops up on their face. I've seen squirrels, I've seen a bird, and I've seen all kinds of animals on my face. But that is the result of self-hate. I've learned to say: 'You know what? I am a beautiful black woman'.
Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother's love is not.
Love the giver more than the gift.
Creativity itself doesn't care at all about results - the only thing it craves is the process. Learn to love the process and let whatever happens next happen, without fussing too much about it. Work like a monk, or a mule, or some other representative metaphor for diligence. Love the work. Destiny will do what it wants with you, regardless.
The best thing about being a DJ is making people happy. There is nothing like seeing people get up from a table to dance or the expression on their face when they hear a song they love. I also love to educate people on music they have never heard.
Your greatest achievement is to love me.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
Love is the force that ignites the spirit and binds teams together.
Do not rebuke mockers, or they will hate you; rebuke the wise, and they will love you.
Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mix with it.
The stage is my first love. It gives me immense self-satisfaction, a sort of power because a stage actor carries the audience along; it's a live performance; spontaneity is its soul.
Cooking well, with love, is an art.
If you love something let it go free. If it doesn't come back, you never had it. If it comes back, love it forever.
Life is short but love your loved ones. Love them, kiss them every day because you don't know what's going to happen.
With me, what you see is what you get. Yes, call me naive, but I love life. I am happy, and for that, I make no apologies. I do like to see the best in people, and when someone is nice to my face, I tend to believe them.
As a chef, I love to travel and taste different cuisine styles and different flavours.
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it.
I love my boys. I love watching them growing up. I love seeing them develop, and I'm always looking forward to seeing what they're going to become and what they're going to be interested in later in life.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
He whom the gods love dies young, while he is in health, has his senses and his judgments sound.
I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.
Food brings people together on many different levels. It's nourishment of the soul and body; it's truly love.
It can only be true love when you enable your other half to be better, to be the person they're destined to be.
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
Love, like a chicken salad or restaurant hash, must be taken with blind faith or it loses its flavor.
I think that passion and love and pain are all bearable, and they go to make love beautiful.
The love of gardening is a seed once sown that never dies.
The greatest movement for social justice our country has ever known is the civil rights movement and it was totally rooted in a love ethic.
In the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
My beauty icon is the love between my mother and father.
I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.
Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.
The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.
I love biting off more than I can chew and figuring it out.
I think being in love with life is a key to eternal youth.
When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.
The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
The English may not like music, but they absolutely love the noise it makes.
Man's love is of man's life a part; it is a woman's whole existence. In her first passion, a woman loves her lover, in all the others all she loves is love.
Motherhood brings you to your knees in a way that doesn't leave room for you to judge others. It makes you see that there's no ideal - a constant struggle, constantly compromising, but ultimate love.
Some people care too much. I think it's called love.
If music be the food of love, play on.
I think in a lot of ways unconditional love is a myth. My mom's the only reason I know it's a real thing.
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.
Being a mother is the best thing that ever happened to me. Before you have your first baby you are a girl and then you become a mother. There is no transition into being a woman; you literally become a mum and being a mum means you always love someone else more than yourself and it is an unexplainable situation.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.
I want to say a little something that's long overdue, the disrespect to women has got to be through. To all the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends, I wanna offer my love and respect till the end.
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
I am very much in love with no one in particular.
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
There are four questions of value in life, Don Octavio. What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living for and what is worth dying for? The answer to each is the same. Only love.
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Love and dignity cannot share the same abode.
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.
You're imperfect, and you're wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.
Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them.
True love stories never have endings.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
I never had that thing about being black. If the whole world was like that, maybe there would be more harmony and love.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
To love beauty is to see light.
Love is all, it gives all, and it takes all.
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
If I'm not in love, if I'm not with a long-term companion, I cannot be happy.
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.
Men do not accept their prophets and slay them, but they love their martyrs and worship those whom they have tortured to death.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear.
Love is an adventure and a conquest. It survives and develops, like the universe itself, only by perpetual discovery.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
True love brings up everything - you're allowing a mirror to be held up to you daily.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love.
Anything will give up its secrets if you love it enough. Not only have I found that when I talk to the little flower or to the little peanut they will give up their secrets, but I have found that when I silently commune with people, they give up their secrets also - if you love them enough.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
I'll love you, dear, I'll love you till China and Africa meet and the river jumps over the mountain and the salmon sing in the street.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.
The more I think about it, the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
No one is a friend to his friend who does not love in return.
Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it.
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
Love one another and help others to rise to the higher levels, simply by pouring out love. Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy.
That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. And if you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
A strong man doesn't have to be dominant toward a woman. He doesn't match his strength against a woman weak with love for him. He matches it against the world.
When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.
The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity; in a girl boldness.
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
I think that everybody needs four things in life. Everybody needs something to do regardless of age. Everybody needs someone to love. Everybody needs something to hope for, and, of course, everybody needs someone to believe in.
I could talk food all day. I love good food.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
No, we don't own our children. Our parental privilege is to love them, to lead them, and to let them go.
Love is a really scary thing, and you never know what's going to happen. It's one of the most beautiful things in life, but it's one of the most terrifying. It's worth the fear because you have more knowledge, experience, you learn from people, and you have memories.
Love is a reciprocal torture.
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.
Dreams are the guiding words of the soul. Why should I henceforth not love my dreams and not make their riddling images into objects of my daily consideration?
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
It's fun to be hopelessly in love. It's dangerous, but it's fun.
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Femininity is not just lipstick, stylish hairdos, and trendy clothes. It is the divine adornment of humanity. It finds expression in your qualities of your capacity to love, your spirituality, delicacy, radiance, sensitivity, creativity, charm, graciousness, gentleness, dignity, and quiet strength.
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
I spent a lot of years trying to outrun or outsmart vulnerability by making things certain and definite, black and white, good and bad. My inability to lean into the discomfort of vulnerability limited the fullness of those important experiences that are wrought with uncertainty: Love, belonging, trust, joy, and creativity to name a few.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's.
Love is a state of Being. Your love is not outside; it is deep within you. You can never lose it, and it cannot leave you. It is not dependent on some other body, some external form.
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Compatibility is an achievement of love; it shouldn't be its precondition.
I don't have to do things just to please people. It's okay to do what I love because what I love, my fans love. And they're really the only ones that should matter.
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.
People discuss my art and pretend to understand as if it were necessary to understand, when it's simply necessary to love.
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
True love doesn't come to you it has to be inside you.
I argue thee that love is life. And life hath immortality.
I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
Whatsoever is done out of pure love, be it ever so little or contemptible in the sight of men, is wholly fruitful; for God measures more with how much love one worketh, than the amount he doeth.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
A lot of people attack the sea, I make love to it.
Is it wrong for me to love my own? Is it wicked for me because my skin is red? Because I am Sioux? Because I was born where my father lived? Because I would die for my people and my country?
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Nothing we do, however virtuous, can be accomplished alone; therefore we are saved by love.
Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it.
Love is a tyrant sparing none.
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
He that is jealous is not in love.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
All you need is love.
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
The garden of love is green without limit and yields many fruits other than sorrow or joy. Love is beyond either condition: without spring, without autumn, it is always fresh.
We live in the world when we love it.
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; men love in haste but they detest at leisure.
Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
I've never bothered about my color. I never had that thing about being black. If the whole world was like that, maybe there would be more harmony and love. Maybe. I don't have a problem with being black in a white country or being with my people.
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Knowledge is love and light and vision.
All the commandments: You shall not commit adultery, you shall not kill, you shall not steal, you shall not covet, and so on, are summed up in this single command: You must love your neighbor as yourself.
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.
I do love email. Wherever possible I try to communicate asynchronously. I'm really good at email.
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.
To rule a country of a thousand chariots, there must be reverent attention to business, and sincerity; economy in expenditure, and love for men; and the employment of the people at the proper seasons.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
There is no love of life without despair of life.
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself.
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.
If you were to destroy the belief in immortality in mankind, not only love but every living force on which the continuation of all life in the world depended, would dry up at once.
For one human being to love another; that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
If you love it enough, anything will talk with you.
The serendipitous nature of hypertext links is just brilliant for a curious mind. I love it.
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
When you are missing someone, time seems to move slower, and when I'm falling in love with someone, time seems to be moving faster.
Through Love all that is bitter will be sweet, Through Love all that is copper will be gold, Through Love all dregs will become wine, through Love all pain will turn to medicine.
Man's nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been known to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.
I believe in love at first sight. You want that connection, and then you want some problems.
I love to travel, but hate to arrive.
When you get to a place where you understand that love and belonging, your worthiness, is a birthright and not something you have to earn, anything is possible.
Love is not love, without a violin playing goat.
No better way is there to learn to love Nature than to understand Art. It dignifies every flower of the field. And, the boy who sees the thing of beauty which a bird on the wing becomes when transferred to wood or canvas will probably not throw the customary stone.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me; and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.
The best way to know God is to love many things.
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
Love is not a mere impulse, it must contain truth, which is law.
Love and doubt have never been on speaking terms.
For if you love those who love you, what reward have you? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Love will find its way through all languages on its own.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Happy is the novelist who manages to preserve an actual love letter that he received when he was young within a work of fiction, embedded in it like a clean bullet in flabby flesh and quite secure there, among spurious lives.
